shit his planes
prescribing the bottom
we retain nigga who runnin this shit no
more fake that didn't just I was doing
it news
patient-friendly we are
Oh
a boy well keep nigga beat recognize a
gene Nichol Street nigga big money boy
30 shit real talk will creat never bring
you a burger my boy well plz recognize
the cheese negros street nigga like i
need some old babe a big cave me work
hit up thursday in my essay why keeping
nigga straight yeah and i'm jose oh he
got them dinner place like an open but
faith on the sunday no young nigga we'll
have cake birthday no my was good but
they gotta eat every nigga they know me
treat me like a G and the core i hears
no sleep Oh Jess Ryan he'll be satisfied
with tall tees and go deep brewing music
air masses in the king crackers wanna
deal for a niche tango under knowledge
if you play go my attention for the tic
tacs and backing up my grief like a baby
chef in some of you Richard I tried like
that nigga 15 business real city
on course
I got lids I gotta work man first time a
crime in second number shine and third
I'm again some lip service from a dime
that
big boy 30 shit Real Talk will never
bring you a murder my boy will peak
nigga be recognized Ginette country boy
three nigga oh shit real talk will greet
never bring you a tournament boy well
keep nigga be Gregor like a gene nigga
little treat I told you would be told
about the battlekey 5 4 3 well hello
sighs hello Blackie smoker and yelling
flag you wanna get babies better see
black on my niggas rolling why no you
see the Twitter pack for Bubba dozen hey
ain't need the whole way chillin nigga
burn oh if you wanna call the way is
money over everything was it nigga
fucking face moon niggas Billy game
catch struggle horses like a rake so
thank you got your wrist puts ass nigga
nigga quit blaming bitches footpads
knuckles on your hustle and get your
money right fuck going for the red hair
for the green light to be a street nigga
better have a mean white color killer
who said yo it a night
see
oh boy oh boy